Add Front Matter support to Handlebars (#17781)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/handlebars/17781.md

#### Added Front Matter to Handlebars (#17781 by @Codezilluh)

> Front matter can now be used in Handlebars code. If it is YAML front matter, it will be formatted as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Added Front Matter support to Handlebars (#17781 by @Codezilluh)

Front matter can now be used in Handlebars.
```
